accent cameras were frame zoom and the
greatest story in ten years is in the
making action there's a pair of reckless
high Devils cars of glorious destiny out
of white clouds and blue sky action with
Clark Gable Spencer Tracy of the
Captains Courageous of the air
how'd you like to get that jump over the
fence before I SiC a bowler hey I'm just
moved through a bull sister you go get
it we'll have a pick him up and throw
him right back in your lap
come on you
he's on fire that's nothing it's nice to
have a little fire you don't know how
cold it gets up there besides the guy is
made of asbestos how do you talk about
how dare you
why you little fool who you talking to
what do you think this game is anyway
it's that every time there move didn't
save the simple one up an age save even
a look at one of them and you married
him without giving it a thought I'll say
you're a sucker
darling I'd love to take that high ride
with you I've never asked you before did
I be a bomb I'll be twice twice
you know what you'd be with a dress on a
thing what would I be a little icicle
with you sky looks sweet and wearing the
pretty blue dress yeah don't kid
yourself she lives up invite you up
there when she gets you up there she
knocks you down we get you there's no
fun being with anybody else what's fun
about waiting for anybody to die every
tick-tock of a clock still living still
living still living still living what
for